Add missing page description metadata (#260)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/recommended-practices/part3.2.mdx

  Part 3.2: From Semi-Automation to Infrastructure as Code - Terraform
  Recommended Practices
tfc_only: true
description: >-

>   Move from semi-automation to infrastructure-as-code workflows. Use version control, create a module, share knowledge, set guidelines, integrationw ith configuration management, and manage secrets in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Move from semi-automation to infrastructure-as-code workflows. Learn how to establish organization practices, use version control, create a module, integrate configuration management, and manage secrets.
```
